c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\mihan-news.dll.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\mihan-news.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\mihan-news.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\obj\Debug\mihan-news.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\obj\Debug\mihan-news.pdb
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\mihan-news\obj\Debug\mihan-news.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\mihan-news.dll.config
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\mihan-news.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\mihan-news.pdb
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\obj\Debug\mihan-news.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\obj\Debug\mihan-news.dll
E:\mihan-news-asp-webforms\mihan-news\obj\Debug\mihan-news.pdb
